Docs status updates - Fixes #150 (#268)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/models/ipam/vlan.md

A VLAN represents an isolated layer two domain, identified by a name and a numeric ID (1-4094) as defined in [IEEE 802.1Q](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_802.1Q). Each VLAN may be assigned to a site, tenant, and/or VLAN group.

> Each VLAN must be assigned one of the following operational [`statuses`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each VLAN ust be assigned to a status, the following [`statuses`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/) are provided by default:
```

Author: Fixed.

> Each VLAN must be assigned a status, the following [`statuses`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/) are available by default:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each VLAN must be assigned a [`status`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/). The following statuses are available by default:
```

* Active
* Reserved
* Deprecated

> Status fields can now be customized via the new [`status`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/) model.

Reviewer 2: Same: IMO just remove this since it's redundant with the link above it.
